README.md, before:

# Lethal Gym
This mod adds the feature to workout in the comfort of your own ship.

Lethal Gym includes custom animations along with the equipment.  
**Thanks to FlipMods, the emote is compatible with TooManyEmotes and MoreEmotes**
https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/Dryedcoolbro/LethalGym/

![Lethal Company Benching Gif](https://imgur.com/6SGjN07.gif)

### Current Lifts:
- Bench Press

### Upcoming/Planned:
- Squat Rack
- DeadLift Platform
- Possible strength levels - Higher level = More weights

**!!! UPCOMING/PLANNED LIFTS ARE NOT GUARANTEED TO COME !!!** 

## Issues
If there are any issues or bugs create an issue on the github page or report it on the discord modding server.  
https://github.com/Dryedcoolbro/LethalGym  
https://discord.com/channels/1168655651455639582/1190807167482208337

## Credits
FlipMods/cmooref17's TooManyEmotes - Compatability patcher with More Emotes  
https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/FlipMods/TooManyEmotes/  
https://github.com/cmooref17/Lethal-Company-TooManyEmotes

Evaisa's Unity Netcode Patcher - Allowed me to use RPC's and sync all actions  
https://github.com/EvaisaDev/UnityNetcodePatcher

# Change Log

## 1.0.0
- Release

## 1.0.1
- Changed link to Github repo.
- Added a Change log.

## 1.1.0
- Fixes bug where when you store anything, you can't retrieve them.
- Prepped code for level system in next update

## 2.0.0
- Added "Strength Levels." e.g., Bench Press. You will start off in a new save with just the bar. As you do more reps, you will level up and add weights to the bar.
- Added Config files. Configs sync based on the host. At the time of writing this, there is only one config (Stronger Body).
- Stronger Body. This allows you to be able to carry heavy things at a faster speed when you have a high strength level. **This is optional and can be turned off in the configs**

Commit message:

3.0.0
-Added squat rack.
-Changed benchpress file so it can modular with other lifts
-Fixed configs not applying.

README.md, after:

# Lethal Gym
This mod adds the feature to workout in the comfort of your own ship.

Lethal Gym includes custom animations along with the equipment.  
**Thanks to FlipMods, the emote is compatible with TooManyEmotes and MoreEmotes**  
https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/Dryedcoolbro/LethalGym/

![Lethal Company Benching Gif](https://imgur.com/6SGjN07.gif)

### Strength Levels
With a new save, you start off with level 1. As you get stronger, your level increases including the weight on the machine.

### Stronger Body
Allows you to carry heavy things and move at a faster speed.  
As strength levels get higher, your movement is more efficient.

### Current Lifts:
- Bench Press
- Squat Rack

### Upcoming/Planned:
- DeadLift Platform

**!!! UPCOMING/PLANNED LIFTS ARE NOT GUARANTEED TO COME !!!** 

## Issues
If there are any issues or bugs create an issue on the github page or report it on the discord modding server.  
https://github.com/Dryedcoolbro/LethalGym  
https://discord.com/channels/1168655651455639582/1190807167482208337

## Credits
FlipMods/cmooref17's TooManyEmotes - Compatability patcher with More Emotes  
https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/FlipMods/TooManyEmotes/  
https://github.com/cmooref17/Lethal-Company-TooManyEmotes

Evaisa's Unity Netcode Patcher - Allowed me to use RPC's and sync all actions  
https://github.com/EvaisaDev/UnityNetcodePatcher

# Change Log

## 1.0.0
- Release

## 1.0.1
- Changed link to Github repo.
- Added a Change log.

## 1.1.0
- Fixes bug where when you store anything, you can't retrieve them.
- Prepped code for level system in next update

## 2.0.0
- Added "Strength Levels." e.g., Bench Press. You will start off in a new save with just the bar. As you do more reps, you will level up and add weights to the bar.
- Added Config files. Configs sync based on the host. At the time of writing this, there is only one config (Stronger Body).
- Stronger Body. This allows you to be able to carry heavy things at a faster speed when you have a high strength level. **This is optional and can be turned off in the configs**

## 2.0.1
- Updated README

## 3.0.0
- Added Squat Rack !!!
- Fixed Strength Level config not being applied.
